Now that we've seen how to produce JSON data,
let's swap it out to use Avro instead.
So returning to our workspace,
we have the produce function.
Now, the produce function that we saw before needs to be slightly different.
You already seen us set up the post itself,
but the way that we form the data and the headers is going to be slightly different.
Let's start with the headers.
Remember that we always specify content type,
and that content type should be a vendor specific one for Kafka.
Now, last time we wrote JSON,
but this time we want to use Avro.
So we're going to specify Avro.v2,
and we're still going to be sending the data in JSON format.
Now that we've done that, we need to actually define the data again.
As you will recall, last time,
we created a list of records,
and we put a value,
and we put in asdict, and made a purchase.
Now, there's one thing missing from this.
How do we pass in the value schema?
Well, thankfully, that's fairly straight forward.
Go ahead and just fix my formatting here.
So we can't just produce the record.
We also need to pass in the schema.
So to do that, we're going to specify value schema.
Now, I've defined the schema for the purchase records up above,
so we're just going to copy this.
Notice, this is a string.
I just want to emphasize this.
This is not a straight Python dictionary, it is a string.
You have to send a string as your value schema, or it won't work.
So now that we've done that, we've passed in our headers,
we've passed in our data,
and we're sending to the topic, lesson4.Sample6.purchases.
So let's go ahead and run that.
It looks like we got the wrong value schema name,
the wrong field name.
So let's take a look at the documentation, see what we did wrong.
Jumping back to the documentation for REST Proxy,
we see that the name of the key we're looking for is value schema,
but I put it in the wrong place.
See, value schema here is under the records key,
but it doesn't go with every single record.
It actually goes to the top level.
So if we delete that key and move it to the top level of our data dictionary,
then this should work.
The reason that they do this is,
just to emphasize the point that we're looking at this,
is not only will we be summing the value schema on every record,
but if I had multiple records in this records list,
and each one of them included the value schema,
I'd be repeating that schema for every single message.
If I had 10 messages, I'd have 10 copies of the schema.
Instead, you specify once at the top level,
so you only spin the schema a single time.
As you can see, we're producing data once again.
So now, this is still running.
Let's use the same thing we did in the previous demonstration,
and jump into terminal,
and use the Kafka console consumer.
We're also going to make sure we start from the beginning.
All right. You can see the data looks strange when it does print out,
and that's because this is binary data.
So it's normal for this to look very odd when it's printing out.
You can see our cursor moving down,
but trust me, the data is there.
The problem is that it's in Avro format,
so you're not going to see much in the terminal.